Michael Jordan debatably one of the best
basketball players in the world most of
us have seen Air Jordan Air Jordan logo
on shoes clothing and alsoit Air Jordan
is a brand new shoes and athletic
apparel designed owned and produced by
Nike and Michael Jordan even though
Michael Jordan has had a tremendous
success
on and off the basketball court he has
faced many challenges and obstacles
throughout his life
for example the short story Sultan
issues by Dolores Jordan and Rosslyn M
Jordan depict a challenge that Michael
Jordan went through as a young
basketball player the story begins with
Michael left to play basketball every
Saturday he followed his older brothers
Larry and Ronny
to the park hoping that they would let
him play and if one of the guys who
usually played with them didn't show
they always did but there was one
problem his name was Mark and he was a
tallest boy on the court what's the
matter Mike he too short mark flopped
his arms in Michaels face over here
shouted Larry but when Michael threw the
ball Mark's long arms came out of
nowhere had knocked the ball away it
flew into the hands of a player Mark's
team he made the basket and the game was
over just like that
how will Michael Jordan overcome defeat
against mark who is a much bigger taller
and stronger basketball player how does
Michael Jordan become one of the best
players the game has ever seen